The eccentricity of a node v is the maximum distance from v to all other nodes in G.
  Might want to get the shortest path pairs here

connected components - Robert Tarjan, Depth-First Search and Linear Graph Algorithms,
in SIAM Journal on Computing 1 (2): 146–160 (1972)

Zipf's law word usage:
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4176592/

word frequencies
https://datalab.ucdavis.edu/text-reports/archive_text_reports/city_planning_data-20190530/wordfrequencies.html

I'm creating a social networking model that is similar to youtube where nodes are
videos and directed network is created by creating a new node and adding it to the
network based on metrics such as page-rank and word-simiarity.  The network that
forms is a scale-free network but I'm need an idea to make the model interesting.
What value can I show with this model?

Word usage plays a big roll in recommendations.  Content is matched based on
word-similarity.  Using a randomly generated word-score will produce one set
of results, but it stands to reason word usage is not uniform.  The usage of
content providers and users is probably not normally distributed either.  An
interesting experiment would be to assume most views have a limited and jargon
sytle vocabulary do to their youth, utilizing slang and repetitive words.

I need a distribution that would mimic word usage based on a population.  The word
usage would be scored between 1 and 100 where 1 is limited vocabulary and 100 is a
rich vocabulary.

A suitable distribution for this scenario could be the Beta distribution.
The Beta distribution is defined on the interval [0, 1], but it can easily be
scaled to match your range of 1 to 100. It's advantageous for this use case
because it can take on various shapes, including those that are skewed to the
left or right, depending on the parameters chosen. This allows for modeling a
scenario where a small portion of the population has either a very limited or
very rich vocabulary, with the majority of individuals falling somewhere in between.

I have a model that creates a scale-free network based on in-degree and a similarity
metric.